okay as you can see i'm gonna be doing a
review on my wilson a2000 1788 VG model
pro stock leather it's got the doorbell
ting right here yeah very nice look it's
got the dry legs on the wrist to absorb
sweat on your hands start sweating I
haven't broken in that good it's alright
it's got the yellow wilson wilson wilson
a2000 as you can see very very great
great book bought it for around 220 a
local dealer by my house i wreck it i
recommend it to anybody that plays
second short you can probably use it at
third it's a little small for that
because it's 11 of them forth um very
nice I tried to flare it out a little
bit yeah the door well team keeps the
shape like that very nice very good I've
been catching with a lot and the pocket
hasn't stretched out that's another
thing about it very well letter you can
get this club for 220 somewhere on there
but if you go to a wilson pro prefer I
mean the Rawlings preferred is probably
350 and they're about the same I mean
when I spend more money when this is a
great book scrape love I play the second
it short just got that nice it was very
little wide but it's got the shallow
pocket for turning over place very great
i love this love i recommend it to
anybody to play second and short so
thanks for checking out my video